*** This data was generated with AddBiomechanics (www.addbiomechanics.org) ***
AddBiomechanics was written by Keenon Werling <keenon@cs.stanford.edu>

Automatic processing achieved the following marker errors (averaged
over all frames of all trials):

 - RMSE: 1.13cm, Max: 3.06cm

The following trials were processed to perform automatic body scaling
and marker registration:

 - MarkerData/JA1Gait35.trc (RMSE: 1.13cm, Max: 3.06cm)
     1 Worst Marker "RTOE" (RMSE: 4.92cm)
     2 Worst Marker "RP5MT" (RMSE: 2.23cm)
     3 Worst Marker "RLEPI" (RMSE: 2.09cm)
     4 Worst Marker "RHEEL" (RMSE: 1.70cm)
     5 Worst Marker "RTHLP" (RMSE: 1.70cm)
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LARM for suspicious acceleration on frame 5
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LARM for suspicious acceleration on frame 7
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LARM for suspicious acceleration on frame 107
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LARM for suspicious acceleration on frame 112
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LARM for suspicious acceleration on frame 118
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LARM for suspicious acceleration on frame 120
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LARM for suspicious acceleration on frame 226
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LARM for suspicious acceleration on frame 227
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LARM for suspicious acceleration on frame 228
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LASI for suspicious acceleration on frame 105
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LASI for suspicious acceleration on frame 159
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LASI for suspicious acceleration on frame 160
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LASI for suspicious acceleration on frame 161
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LELB for suspicious acceleration on frame 231
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LHEEL for suspicious acceleration on frame 29
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LHEEL for suspicious acceleration on frame 31
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LHEEL for suspicious acceleration on frame 147
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LHEEL for suspicious acceleration on frame 149
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LHEEL for suspicious acceleration on frame 260
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LLMAL for suspicious acceleration on frame 28
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LLMAL for suspicious acceleration on frame 156
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 13
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 14
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 15
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 27
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 28
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 30
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 31
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 35
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 36
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 37
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 144
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 145
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 150
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 151
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 152
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 154
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 156
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 157
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 258
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 259
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 266
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 267
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 30
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 31
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 35
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 143
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 146
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 151
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 152
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 154
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 155
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 264
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 265
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 28
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 29
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 32
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 35
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 37
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 50
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 146
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 147
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 149
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 150
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 151
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 154
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 156
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 157
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 161
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 162
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 163
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 164
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 166
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 168
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 169
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 170
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 171
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 260
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 261
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 264
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 269
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 281
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 27
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 28
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 29
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 32
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 33
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 34
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 37
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 38
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 41
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 42
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 144
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 145
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 147
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 149
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 150
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 154
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 156
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 157
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 158
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 159
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 160
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 163
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 165
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 258
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 260
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 261
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 264
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 269
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTHLP for suspicious acceleration on frame 2
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTHLP for suspicious acceleration on frame 4
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTIAD for suspicious acceleration on frame 216
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 11
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 13
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 29
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 30
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 31
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 33
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 34
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 35
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 36
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 50
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 125
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 127
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 145
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 146
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 147
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 148
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 149
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 151
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 152
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 164
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 165
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 259
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 261
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 265
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker LTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 280
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RHEEL for suspicious acceleration on frame 89
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RHEEL for suspicious acceleration on frame 205
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RHEEL for suspicious acceleration on frame 319
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RLEPI for suspicious acceleration on frame 9
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RLEPI for suspicious acceleration on frame 10
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RLEPI for suspicious acceleration on frame 11
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 89
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 96
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 97
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 204
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 205
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFL for suspicious acceleration on frame 213
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 10
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 11
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 12
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 86
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 89
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 93
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 96
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 203
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 207
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RMFS for suspicious acceleration on frame 208
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 89
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 90
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 93
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 97
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 98
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 108
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 207
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 208
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 213
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 214
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 221
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 223
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 225
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 226
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 227
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 318
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 319
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP1MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 320
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 86
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 87
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 89
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 90
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 93
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 97
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 202
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 205
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 208
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 213
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 214
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 216
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 316
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 318
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 319
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RP5MT for suspicious acceleration on frame 320
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTIAD for suspicious acceleration on frame 37
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTIAD for suspicious acceleration on frame 38
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTIAD for suspicious acceleration on frame 39
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 2
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 3
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 11
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 70
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 72
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 89
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 90
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 91
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 92
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 94
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 108
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 205
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 208
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 209
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 210
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 213
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 215
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 220
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 224
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker RTOE for suspicious acceleration on frame 226
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker x53 for suspicious acceleration on frame 3
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 4
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 5
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 6
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 8
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 10
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 11
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 16
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 17
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 18
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 19
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 21
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 22
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 25
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 26
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 27
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 28
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 29
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 35
     >> MARKER WARNING: Dropping marker  for suspicious acceleration on frame 36
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker LARM from frames 5 to 8
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker RLEPI from frames 9 to 13
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker LMFL on frame 14
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker RTIAD from frames 37 to 39
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker RTOE on frame 72
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker LMFL on frame 98
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker LTOE on frame 102
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker RMFS on frame 118
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker RTOE on frame 120
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker LARM from frames 121 to 124
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker RTIAP on frame 125
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker LTOE on frame 128
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker RTIAD from frames 159 to 160
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker LELB from frames 232 to 233
     >> MARKER WARNING: Ignored flickering marker LARM from frames 234 to 235
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled LELB as LARM on frame 8 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled LELB as LARM on frame 124 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled LELB as LARM on frame 235 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled LARM as LELB on frame 232 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled LLMAL as LMFL on frame 14 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled LMFS as LTOE on frame 12 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled LMFS as LTOE on frame 128 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled RTILAT as RLEPI on frame 13 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled RTOE as RMFS on frame 11 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled RMFS as RTIAD on frame 39 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled RMFS as RTOE on frame 10 to preserve smooth movement
     >> MARKER WARNING: Relabeled RMFS as RTOE on frame 72 to preserve smooth movement
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_r hit upper bound on frames 0-2
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_r hit upper bound on frames 72-91
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_r hit upper bound on frame 93
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_r hit upper bound on frames 97-117
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_r hit upper bound on frames 187-212
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_r hit upper bound on frames 214-232
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 3
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 41
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 42
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 43
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 57
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 58
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 59
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 60
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 61
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 62
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 63
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 64
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 65
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 66
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 67
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 68
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 69
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 90
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 91
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 92
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 93
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 94
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 95
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 96
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 97
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 98
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 99
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 100
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 101
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 102
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 103
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 104
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 105
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 174
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 175
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 176
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 177
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 178
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 179
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 180
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 181
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 182
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 183
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 184
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 185
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 186
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 208
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 209
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 210
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 211
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 212
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 213
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 214
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 215
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 216
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 217
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 218
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 219
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 220
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 289
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 290
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 291
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 292
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 293
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 294
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 295
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 296
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 297
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_l hit upper bound on frame 298
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_l hit upper bound on frames 46-56
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_l hit upper bound on frames 131-134
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_l hit upper bound on frame 147
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_l hit upper bound on frame 149
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_l hit upper bound on frame 154
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_l hit upper bound on frames 156-172
     >> JOINT WARNING: subtalar_angle_l hit upper bound on frames 247-249
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_upward_rot_r hit upper bound on frames 0-14
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_upward_rot_r hit upper bound on frames 116-128
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_abduction_l hit upper bound on frames 32-44
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_abduction_l hit upper bound on frame 114
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_abduction_l hit upper bound on frames 151-159
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_abduction_l hit upper bound on frame 232
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_abduction_l hit upper bound on frames 235-236
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_r hit lower bound on frames 4-7
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_r hit lower bound on frames 39-44
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_r hit lower bound on frames 155-159
     >> JOINT WARNING: scapula_elevation_r hit lower bound on frames 235-238
     >> JOINT WARNING: hip_rotation_r hit lower bound on frames 197-205
     >> JOINT WARNING: elbow_flexion_l hit upper bound on frames 180-186
     >> INFO: The marker "LPAT" appears in the mocap data, but not on the model
     >> INFO: The marker "P1" appears in the mocap data, but not on the model
     >> INFO: The marker "P2" appears in the mocap data, but not on the model
     >> INFO: The marker "P3" appears in the mocap data, but not on the model
     >> INFO: The marker "RPAT" appears in the mocap data, but not on the model
     >> INFO: The marker "x52" appears in the mocap data, but not on the model
     >> INFO: The marker "x53" appears in the mocap data, but not on the model
     >> INFO: The marker "BLFE" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "BLHU" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "BLTI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "BRFE" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "BRHU" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "BRTI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "CHIN" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "CLAV" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "FBBT" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "FLFB" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "FLFE" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "FLHU" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "FLTI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "FRBT" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "FRFB" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "FRFE" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "FRHU" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "FRTI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LAKI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LANK" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LBHD" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LBWT" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LFHD" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LFIN" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LFRM" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LFWT" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LHEE" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LHPI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LHTH" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LKNE" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LKNI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LMEPI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LMMAL" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LMT5" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LSHN" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LSHO" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LTHI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LUPA" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LWRA" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "LWRB" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "NOSE" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RAKI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RANK" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RBAC" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RBHD" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RBWT" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RFHD" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RFIN" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RFRM" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RFWT" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RHEE" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RHPI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RHTH" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RKNE" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RKNI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RMEPI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RMMAL" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RMT5" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RSHN" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RSHO" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RTHI" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RUPA" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RWRA" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "RWRB" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "STRN" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "T10" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "T8" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.
     >> INFO: The marker "THD" appears in the model, but not in the mocap data. This generally happens because the marker is a virtual marker. We ignore virtual markers, so this is not a problem, just a heads up.

The model file containing optimal body scaling and marker offsets is:

Models/optimized_scale_and_markers.osim

This tool works by finding an optimal scaling and an optimal marker
offsets at the same time.

If you want to manually edit the marker offsets, you can modify the
<MarkerSet> in "Models/unscaled_but_with_optimized_markers.osim" (by
default this file contains the marker offsets found by the optimizer).
If you want to tweak the Scaling, you can edit
"Models/rescaling_setup.xml". If you change either of these files,
then run (FROM THIS FOLDER, and not including the leading "> "):

 > opensim-cmd run-tool Models/rescaling_setup.xml
           # This will re-generate Models/optimized_scale_and_markers.osim


You do not need to re-run Inverse Kinematics unless you change
scaling, because the output motion files are already generated for you
as "*_ik.mot" files for each trial, but you are welcome to confirm our
results using OpenSim. To re-run Inverse Kinematics with OpenSim, to
verify the results of AddBiomechanics, you can use the automatically
generated XML configuration files. Here are the command-line commands
you can run (FROM THIS FOLDER, and not including the leading "> ") to
verify IK results for each trial:

 > opensim-cmd run-tool IK/JA1Gait35_ik_setup.xml
           # This will create a results file IK/JA1Gait35_ik_by_opensim.mot


To run Inverse Dynamics with OpenSim, you can also use automatically
generated XML configuration files. WARNING: Inverse Dynamics is not
yet fully supported by AddBiomechanics, and so the mapping of force-
plates to feet is not perfect. The default XML files assign each force
plate to the `calcn_*` body that gets closest to it during the motion
trial. THIS MAY NOT BE CORRECT! That said, hopefully this is at least
a useful starting point for you to edit from. The following commands
should work (FROM THIS FOLDER, and not including the leading "> "):

 > opensim-cmd run-tool ID/JA1Gait35_id_setup.xml
           # This will create a results file ID/JA1Gait35_id.sto


The original unscaled model file is present in:

Models/unscaled_generic.osim

There is also an unscaled model, with markers moved to spots found by
this tool, at:

Models/unscaled_but_with_optimized_markers.osim

If you encounter errors, please contact Keenon Werling at
keenon@cs.stanford.edu, and I will do my best to help :)